Alyse: My ear pods are so just talking with your
Alyse: Dad can grab those keys.
Alyse: Yeah, sorry.
Alyse: So,
Alyse: I tend to try to hold you yesterday.
Alyse: Yeah, you know, well, yes. Here's a real fucked up day. Sorry for my language but um
Alyse: He literally walks in the house yesterday and tells me that bait said he was with
Alyse: Why wasn't there is pregnant.
Alyse: Like, I don't know.
Alyse: At. Now as I said we could make this all better Walker to the abortion clinic, sorry. I'll be that one. I guess I'm a horrible, horrible perfect horrible person.
Alyse: Yes, I'm going to hell in life, but I guess I'm okay with like she'd be zero, that's the period, please get rid of it. That's, that's the only way you will ever see the children get this. The only way you will ever speak to me again.
Alyse: Just make sure she gets rid of it.
Yeah.
Alyse: Yeah.
Alyse: Tell me yesterday, like, Oh, don't worry, through this, please. I said, you know what I said, Let's grow up for a minute. Okay, let's let's grow up for one second. I walked in this House and told you I was pregnant by somebody
Alyse: What would you do, he said, I probably would kill you. I said, So how am I supposed to react.
Alyse: Like you realize I have to wake up with that every day of my life like
Alyse: I
Alyse: Don't know. Oh no, not a good time for me in my life right now this one's like a pain. You really don't like wish to have because I actually was stupid enough to love it.
Alyse: So,
Richelle Direny: You, it's just you and the babies.
Alyse: And Xavier
Alyse: Again, poor kid again.
Richelle Direny: How did he react it. He doesn't know why young
Alyse: Oh, he knows everybody knows till everybody knows
Alyse: But, um, can you hear me.
Alyse: Yeah. Well, no, everybody knows, but he even looked at my mom and dad. Yeah. She was like, she went nuts.
Alyse: And like i mean i i i literally like loss like that. He's like, I came to you as a man know you want to know what a man, what a did a man, what a told me when I asked you to your face. If you had sex with her said, Yeah. Lisa, I must
Richelle Direny: Be kept denying air.
Alyse: Yeah, and we were being honest. Like I told him that my exit contacted me a week ago, trying to talk to me like. Like what, like messaged him on the phone like we need to talk.
Alyse: I want to tell you this because we're trying to be honest and open like all this stuff. Okay. My ex contacted me you know through messenger on Facebook.
Alyse: I just wanted you to know, because I don't want anything out there in the dark. You know what I mean. And he still sat there and told me they never did nothing. I said this vision, our way is there. I'm sorry. I just can't touch. I said it this whatever
Alyse: Wouldn't have been trying
Richelle Direny: To Jane.
Richelle Direny: You like, hold on, hold on, let me let me get my
Alyse: Mental because I don't want to be
Alyse: disrespectful. Like, I know you have kids around there.
Richelle Direny: during school but hold on, give me
Alyse: In school,
Alyse: Let me find out. Florida school, we're moving
Richelle Direny: You're in
Alyse: online school Virtual School. I'm like, I'm coming on board. I'm sending this kid.
Richelle Direny: You're gonna send them to school.
Alyse: Right. Oh my god.
Alyse: My brain hurts really bad right now.
Richelle Direny: Yes. So you said that, um, you are so you guys were sorry
Richelle Direny: Yeah, with the phone.
Alyse: He would have gotten away with it all because he, he, I sat there, like he had he had it. So he played this so so good that he got his kids hiding from me about it.
Richelle Direny: So the kids knew
Alyse: The kids knew that she had been at the house working with them driving this car around, you know what I mean, kicking it with him and his son, nobody said shuts me
Alyse: He, he put some guy in this mess that was working for them that she was screwing that they're together. Oh, it's that me. Is that me is this guy.
Alyse: It had to be believe in all the shit.
Alyse: She's so much of a scared little thing that you're about to get on my messenger I messaged me. No, I never mess with them. I swear to God I Never mess with them. I'm like,
Alyse: Ooh, ooh, I don't know about you but if I'm screwing around with some other woman's man that I don't like. And all this ship was said to me.
Alyse: And I'm sending her screenshots of how these dudes are talking about me. I've been like, yeah. Yep. I was over there, all over there in the bed in the shower in the kitchen. I was all over there. But you want to know what I mean. Yeah. Put the phones or girl, girl.
Richelle Direny: No no no no no i'm i'm
Alyse: In
Alyse: A different place. Like, I don't know, like my brain.
Alyse: Like he would have gotten away with it to me and I would have sat there and look like a fool even longer behind everybody's like in front of everybody, everybody talking shit behind my back.
Alyse: Like this is just come to light this realization in general they goes so deep in so many areas like I told him I was like it.
Alyse: Like he told me last night. If you don't come back. It's over.
Alyse: That's fine, because you're not going to put a timeline on this one by timeline will be when she walks inside a clinic and this is taken care of. That's my timeline.
Alyse: And then I don't know I don't know I can't, like, I can't process it yet. I don't even think it's I feel like you're hitting me, but I really don't think it's hit me yet. And when it does, hit me up. I'm pretty afraid.
Alyse: Like that's that's a pill that I can't follow like I don't even know. Like, how do you wake up every day. How can you lay next to somebody like that like
Alyse: It kills me because I didn't want to have to leave like I wish I could have worked it out but like I can't, like, come on man, sorry I'm not one of those like women on
Alyse: The lifetime channel or hallmark who's going to sit there and just, you know, put my hand on your shoulder and tell you, everything's gonna be okay. We're going to get through this together. No, I will. I am hurt to my core even deeper and I'm
Alyse: Like people might want to act like it's not a big deal but
Alyse: What's the big deal.
Richelle Direny: It is a big deal.
Richelle Direny: It is a big deal. It's a big deal because for everything that invests you have invested into the relationship. It's a big deal.
Richelle Direny: Because you
Richelle Direny: You wanted it to work. And you guys have been through a lot
Richelle Direny: Your babies are still young, they're still intense
Alyse: Like like while I'm sitting here wondering how we're gonna I'm gonna take care of your children. You're gonna drive getting drunk.
Alyse: That was your first intention to begin with and
Alyse: Always your intention was when I left for you to call over there and do whatever you wanted to do. You know what I mean, like, that's
Richelle Direny: you're muted you're muted. Hold on.
Alyse: No.
Alyse: I said, you know what I mean, like, like that was. That's the issue. Like you were never like worried about your family at all. Your family is your little bitch ass on that you can feed.
Alyse: Every day of his life and his
Alyse: friend who I have no words to say about her either
Alyse: You know,
Richelle Direny: Is on an addict.
Alyse: Know it sounds just a little bitch.
Alyse: 22 years old still had God and have a handheld by his daddy.
Alyse: Always will have to have held by his daddy.
Alyse: No.
Richelle Direny: I just so what I'm
Richelle Direny: So where is really going from here now.
Alyse: I don't know. I mean, to me, there is no going anywhere from here. Like, I'll just go all in my life unless he makes her good of abortion.
Richelle Direny: But they're not gonna change anything, it doesn't change the fact of
Alyse: The infidel know at
Alyse: All I gotta say. I mean, Rochelle. You can look at me I rewind. I want that. I want that fucking baby gone. I don't care if I was on at the end of the day, or not.
Richelle Direny: But hold on for a second.
Richelle Direny: For a second I want you to let's let's process it.
Richelle Direny: Abortion or no abortion. It doesn't change what happened.
Richelle Direny: You're what you're saying is a
Richelle Direny: Abort the child only because I don't have to see the evidence of your infidelity, but I still have the knowledge of your infidelity.
Richelle Direny: Like huh
Alyse: I said, Maybe I just wanted me to hurt the way I heard
Richelle Direny: And that's what it so but I just want you because the knowledge of infidelity is just as lasting as the evidence.
Richelle Direny: Because the mere Farida yeah
Richelle Direny: So you understand so telling her to get rid of this what may be her only child, and regardless of your saying that, yes, it was something that she actively engaged in a relationship with someone who she knew was in a relationship. So just as much
Richelle Direny: As it's hurting you.
Richelle Direny: The thought of telling her This is what she needs to do. It's hurting you. Just as deep
Richelle Direny: It's hurting her just as deep. The only differences, your depth is attached with a whole lot of other things. So she gets rid of the child are you now going to get back with him and make it work.
Alyse: It would never work for long, even if I chose to
So why
Alyse: I
Alyse: Because I'm selfish.
Alyse: There's only one reason why that I mean I'm selfish. Like, I don't care. I don't
Alyse: Get it because it doesn't belong here. That is why that is why, like, what do you do, like, you think I'm gonna sit around and let you support some nasty piece of garbage in her kid.
Alyse: And
Richelle Direny: Then
Alyse: You okay with it.
Richelle Direny: Okay, she's a piece of garbage and her unborn child right
Alyse: Yeah, okay.
Richelle Direny: But remember, the daughter that he has that you're caring for even though you entered this relationship with this already existing daughter. This is exactly how you described her mother.
Richelle Direny: And he supports her
Alyse: Yeah, but that was like already going on before I came around, you know,
Richelle Direny: Okay, you justify the action.
Richelle Direny: Because I entered this relationship with her with him. It was already going on, but he still yes only obligated to the child, he is not obligated to that mother, but he is supporting this letter.
Alyse: And you even
Richelle Direny: Argue with it. You didn't move out.
Alyse: Hello. I even though I mean that
Alyse: She lived with us for how many months.
Richelle Direny: But you still use it and you
Richelle Direny: Have no clue what he was doing when you weren't there or when you were asleep.
Alyse: I know you
Richelle Direny: Have knowledge of it.
Alyse: Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: Now here is it this this baby is in the picture.
Alyse: Oh my god, Rochelle. It's
Richelle Direny: It's hurt it hurt.
Alyse: Yeah. Have you ever been there. I'm not saying like, you don't know him. I
Richelle Direny: Know, I have never been there, but I can imagine.
Richelle Direny: All of the thoughts that crossed your mind. I can imagine. And I probably been there helping to hold your hand.
Richelle Direny: If
Richelle Direny: It's hard.
Alyse: It's like one thing after another anymore. You do.
Richelle Direny: Should love her despair Elise
No.
Alyse: Never, never. And that's why it was so easy to walk away. Yes, me because it's like, man, like, Okay, I've had my little problem. Yeah, I lied about being biased for two years, whatever, but come on me.
Alyse: And I said, that's how it over to different people. Because the first thing you go to do
Alyse: Is go to screw somebody because you want to hurt me by like trying to figure out how to take care of kids or what rings gonna be over like
Alyse: Elise, it's hard.
It's hard.
Richelle Direny: It is I've never
Richelle Direny: I don't even wanna feel how
Alyse: She feels
Richelle Direny: Because you know what Elise, my response might be different from yours.
Richelle Direny: Just like there's like everybody's response is going to be different.
Alyse: You like
Alyse: Like you won't be sleeping that bed like
Alyse: Yeah, I have to go to urgent care today. Go get tested for us to be
Alyse: Because now you slept with some nasty mares the mirror image. That's the better route then been tossed around between you and your boys for the past year.
Richelle Direny: So do you mean tomorrow.
Alyse: Everybody that that's worked for him some screwed or his brother.
Alyse: His duty called his best right and for how long.
Alyse: So how are you, how does he short. How's he sure that this chart the baby belongs to him. Yeah.
Alyse: Listen, listen, listen. This is how stupid. This man is. This is why partially is irritating so bad.
Alyse: This was what I was just out of the house at the end of April, you supposedly screwed her at the end of April. So that'd be four weeks, three weeks, four weeks.
Alyse: I don't know about you, but I've always known that you can't take a pregnancy test that early, it takes like six to eight weeks for you to be able to piss on that stick and come up positive
Richelle Direny: within four weeks he thinks that there's these tests that can tell you, like right at conception that you can know what your. The thing is you hush.
Richelle Direny: Nobody knows the
Richelle Direny: Time.
Alyse: So I'm probably not supposed to be doing well today, but you guys something condemned me in the record book.
Richelle Direny: You're not supposed to be doing, what
Alyse: I don't. Yeah, I'm trying to secretly smoke a cigarette without you seeing me because my nerves are going to the room.
Alyse: And I
Richelle Direny: camera. The camera. Yeah, I keep I be really interesting to do. That's why, like we didn't conversation.
Alyse: Cigarette and I can't help it. And I know I'm not supposed to smoke. So I try to, you know, I've tried to wiggle the system.
Richelle Direny: A little bit different now okay on camera. You're smoking, my friend. Now you're hiding that I know you're smoking.
Richelle Direny: What you're I know you're smoking.
Alyse: I still don't want to do it though. I don't want to you.
Richelle Direny: Okay, Elise, I respect that you're doing that, but, um, listen.
Richelle Direny: You don't need for he doesn't he doesn't know if the travel logs to him, but at this point. That's not even a conversation, whether the kid belongs to him yes or no.
Richelle Direny: It's not the conversation. The conversation is the emotional impact that it's having on you because it's not about the conception of a child, it is about the infidelity.
Richelle Direny: And the continuous this honesty about infidelity. Yeah. So car belongs to you, child doesn't belong to you. The mere fact is
Richelle Direny: You have just confirmed to me now about this person. And the only reason why you're coming up honest with me about this infidelity. It's because now there's the possibility that this child. Maybe mine. So hey, I gotta tell you, I got hurt and tell you
Alyse: Yeah, like
Alyse: And he
Alyse: You know, he told me yesterday that if I left that he is, he's going to keep it. That's what as well. I'll just British can keep it a few leave like for
Alyse: Like I have to stick around and see what's supposed to have, you know, I just don't like I'm so like gone in my mind right now. I can't even think like I got so much stuff running through my head. I can't even
Alyse: Focus. You know, you know, but
Richelle Direny: Let's go back to our original conversations from
Richelle Direny: Months ago
Richelle Direny: And I think the last time I said Elise, you can't keep running on and running.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you can't keep running on and running in he can't. It's almost like an abused person who he comes, he cries and he tells you, I'm sorry. I won't do it again and you go back, does it stop the abuse or all he did was just
Alyse: made it sound good.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you
Richelle Direny: At some point, at some point you have to emotional abuse is not, there's no real evidence to emotional okay he's emotionally abusing me. How is that
Richelle Direny: It's mental abuse. Well, how is that you have to, you have to at some point say
Richelle Direny: I have to learn how to stand on my own two feet like what else does he have to do free for you to come to that place where you
Richelle Direny: Say,
Richelle Direny: I had to learn to stand on my own two feet.
Richelle Direny: And not be completely dependent on him.
Richelle Direny: Because it sounds to me that
Richelle Direny: That's what hurts even more like
Alyse: You know, it's funny. If you would have asked me two months ago. Like, what would be the thing that he would do to you, they would like put like break the camel's back and I'd be like, you know what I mean, like, Okay. Worst possible fact. Hi, you get somebody pregnant.
Richelle Direny: Okay, now you're at that road. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Now this invisible thought has come to life.
Richelle Direny: You'll have to come to. I remember when you were pregnant and you were staying at your moms and you said that you were going to talk to the social worker worker. And I said, Why don't you have a conversation with the worker.
Richelle Direny: About trying to find housing learning how to stand on your own two feet if this relationship is going to work. Make it work in that aspect.
Richelle Direny: We're learning to have your own independence.
Alyse: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Keep going in and running out.
Alyse: And know center. We got phone I have to get on the computer, or get on the phone with like job informing services and apply for some emergency food stamps or something because
Alyse: I don't lie. Like I just, I mean, I'm not gonna maybe one day, I won't be this Bitter. Bitter person, but it's too early right now. Like, I don't wanna. I don't want to think
Richelle Direny: If you can hear me. I can't hear or see you
Richelle Direny: Again,
Alyse: Oh, sorry. I
Richelle Direny: Don't want to want
Alyse: I'm so like I feel so betrayed by him. Like, I can't, like, I don't want nothing from him whatsoever. Like, I'm just so disgusted, like how could who
Alyse: I mean yeah i i played. I think I played with the fact, like, try to play mental games like right now, I'm just playing mental games with them, like all I want is that Mr all disappear. It's never really gonna disappear, but the physical evidence could disappear, and I look at that.
Alyse: You know that. Yeah, I still live with mental damage. Every day of my life like
Alyse: This like this is never going to be okay for me. Listen. Like I told me, actually, like, I heard like I feel like somebody just died.
Alyse: Like that's literally what I feel like like I feel like I'm grieving the death of somebody a bad my
Alyse: Thank you.
Alyse: I'm just
Richelle Direny: You know, they look like you. Right.
Alyse: Yeah, this one does.
Alyse: Look like him.
Richelle Direny: Finger
Alyse: They're dying like healing healing per month.
Alyse: Yeah, this is a new thing now.
Alyse: So spit at you. Yeah, hello.
Richelle Direny: Hi. Oh my god. His two kids.
Alyse: You like her. I know you
Alyse: Hear her make sure
Richelle Direny: She knows cheeks.
Alyse: She's moving so much and can keep the camera. Yeah, she's
Richelle Direny: A high like I see someone. Oh my god. At least you, I swear. Make me
Alyse: Look at the other one.
Alyse: Summer
Richelle Direny: DIY
Alyse: We've got a runny nose, yeah. Wow.
Richelle Direny: Oh my god.
Richelle Direny: Do they do they play with each other a lot
Alyse: And nobody really just beat each other up right now. Like every you know they have that like pulling and scratching kind of thing.
Alyse: So they get together and it gets a little violent but they love each other and they like to watch each other.
Richelle Direny: So they get it gets a little
Alyse: Yeah, it gets a little violent just a tad
Richelle Direny: But Elise, I mean,
Richelle Direny: As you said, it's the hurt the pain right now, when you're hurting the pain, the betrayal that everything that's associated with it. It hurts you know if there's something that you said
Richelle Direny: That he told you
Richelle Direny: If
Richelle Direny: I leave
Alyse: We're just going to keep
Richelle Direny: These little clips, there's this monk, like I guess he's no longer a monk anymore. And he does these videos about like real life. Like if you
Richelle Direny: The way we we react to certain situations and circumstances. And this is how it really is. So there was this one clip that he showed where
Richelle Direny: It was this concert this couple that I'm aware they had been together, got married, the whole nine and they were trying to hold on.
Richelle Direny: Sorry, they were trying to have a they were trying to conceive later found out that in everything that they did. They did. They were not, they were able to conceive. So then, um,
Richelle Direny: You know, after their last attempt. She didn't conceive the child, but they've been married for years, but through through this time he had been having extramarital affairs and in him having the extra marital affair. He
Richelle Direny: Decided like the woman became the woman came to the house to pretty much confronted. So this woman knew he was married knew everything. So she was bold enough to come to the house.
Richelle Direny: And tell the wife, I need to see your husband. And she was like, like what business you had she was like, Listen, I need to see your husband, like she was bold enough to do this.
Richelle Direny: And so when he finally came, he was like, you know, what are you doing here, like, first he denied who she was. He's like, I don't know who she is and
Richelle Direny: You know she kept being persistent. So eventually, right before he kind of like shoved her way, she said, I'm pregnant. And so when he heard that she was pregnant, like, in his case, he was really, you know, happy to hear that she
Richelle Direny: Was pregnant. So now the wife is now finding out about the
Richelle Direny: extramarital affair.
Richelle Direny: And now.
Richelle Direny: The fact that he's competing child her feeling is devastated as she is, um, eventually
Richelle Direny: Kind of like what you're saying. He wanted her to stay because here it is that this is something that
Richelle Direny: He wants to he wants a child he wants to
Richelle Direny: He wants to child. So he ends up leaving she ends up leaving him. They get the divorce, he ends up leaving him and he
Richelle Direny: Decides to move this this woman in his house.
Richelle Direny: They have the child. He later finds out that the baby didn't belong to him. So he was willing to throw his marriage out the door.
Alyse: His relationship that he's
Richelle Direny: Had with this woman everything out the door and he you know started this life with this woman comes to find out that the baby didn't belong to him.
Richelle Direny: He leave ran into the wife later on in life. She had gotten remarried, he saw her excited to see her. He her. She turns around, only to see this big behind belly in front of her.
Richelle Direny: And he said,
Richelle Direny: I thought you couldn't get pregnant. He was like, no, I didn't have the problem you're the one with the problem.
Richelle Direny: So then he says, well, if you know it doesn't work out, like I'm here now he wants her back because now the world that he decided to enter because he thought like the grass was greener on the other side, his whole world and some falling apart.
Richelle Direny: The thing is the moral to this is that, and I think in as you said that and I thought about your situation. Like I said, hey, here it is that there's more than because here it is that he sleeping with this woman. But clearly, this woman is sleeping with other people to
Alyse: You know,
Richelle Direny: You think that hey, now I'm finally going to have this son that I've always wanted. You're not finding out later on, know that kid everybody belongs to you, goes to show you
Richelle Direny: That she was dipping and dabbling when you think that she was just with you and he decides to enter into this thing and so as you're saying what you're saying. And he says, well, if you leave, then
Richelle Direny: I'm, um, this is what we're gonna do.
Richelle Direny: And I think in the scenario. And I was watching this little clip.
Richelle Direny: He said, I think he proposed the same thing to her as well. And the she chose. No, I'm not doing this because it's not just about the evidence of this child.
Richelle Direny: It's about the infidelity. It's about the deception. It's about all that we've gone through
Richelle Direny: And you selfishly thought that you stepping out of on our relationship and doing what you're doing, was ok and now you want me to be in full acceptance of it.
Richelle Direny: So I'm going to be living with this hurt in my face daily and I'm confirming to you that it's okay for you to continue doing the things that you're doing, all in the name of love.
Richelle Direny: Love shouldn't hurt that much love doesn't do that to people and so later on she found her happiness. She ended up having her child she ended up living her life. But the thing was, she opted she made that decision.
Richelle Direny: Is it okay for me, all in the name of what I think is love to stay in this
Richelle Direny: Where he keeps doing this. He keeps hurting me. He's not thinking of how I would feel about it. He's not thinking that you know what No we shouldn't take this route.
Richelle Direny: She opted to move on. He acted to choose the route that he did in the end to hit that brick road that brick road. Oh, these. I don't know.
Richelle Direny: But sometimes maybe in order for Harold to come to terms with what he needs to come to terms with maybe this is that where you need to remove yourself from that picture.
Richelle Direny: He's never going to be out of your life at all, simply because you have his goals. He can never. No matter how much you want him to be out of your life. He can never be out of your life. He is joined to you for life, simply because of these two girls.
Richelle Direny: He has helped you on this journey to some degree in terms of financially your didn't majority of the work with your sobriety.
Richelle Direny: But he's helped you.
Richelle Direny: I applaud you. Every time I tell you at least like I still applaud you. Because when it's all said and done life keeps hitting you. It keeps hitting you.
Alyse: And you haven't had a relapse.
Richelle Direny: You still come out on top in the end everything that you've at least you and I have been meeting together for well over six months and no oh a year because how because it takes 10 months to give birth physically. So we've been together for a year. This is a legit relationship.
Alyse: So we don't break up.
Richelle Direny: You can't break right now. Not right now. Surely not. Right now, but I'm just saying you've gone through in this last year that you and I have been together. You have been through crap.
Richelle Direny: And you are still hanging in there and how many times have you relapse in all of this.
Richelle Direny: My point
Richelle Direny: You had CPS in your life referred him running in threatening you
Richelle Direny: And how many times you relax.
Alyse: Oh, did I tell you that case is closed after they came to my house and had me going pee in front of the lady, because he thought I was going to fail. Mm hmm. Like, come on man real like
Richelle Direny: Am I supposed to expect.
Alyse: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I don't know. Right. I told him yesterday.
Richelle Direny: So, you told me yesterday what
Alyse: I said, is exactly what I said yesterday, I was like I say, if it was up to you. I said, I said, you know what I said. You go ahead and do what you gotta do, and have your perfect life. And I said, I hope.
Alyse: This time, you can actually treat her like she's somebody else's pregnant and like you did me. I said, because if it was up to you. I would have lost those two girls. My whole pregnancy.
Alyse: Every weekend drink it out at the bars on your bike screw and Lord no to you don't. I mean, every weekend I said the hell I torment.
Alyse: You put me through. I was pregnant is was enough right there. To add a real like somebody who's a logical and understanding, but like, no. So let's say
Alyse: The same, right, this shouldn't be happening. You know what I mean, but yet I kept on coming back and I stayed and stayed and stayed and went through so much to look to the hurt was deep enough that I that I had to leave. But then I go back
Richelle Direny: You went back every time.
Richelle Direny: So every time you've been through so much since our time together now.
Richelle Direny: He knows about the Suboxone
Richelle Direny: You've got so you've gone through so much like at this point.
Richelle Direny: You've been tempted, because here it is that someone who is in their active addiction, who refuses to admit what it is. So he is he, he's if he's an alcoholic. He refuses to admit that I'm, you know, here it is the infidelity, you're caring for six kids, even after giving birth to twins.
Richelle Direny: And still caring for six children ripping and running to school dealing with all of it.
Richelle Direny: Elise sometimes in order for a person to figure out, like you have to allow them to fall and figure out how to get up. Well, you have to remove yourself from that situation so they can know
Richelle Direny: Because in this case, to some degree, maybe without realizing it. You are somewhat in in in in an enabler.
Alyse: Yeah.
Alyse: That's true.
Richelle Direny: You think about in a true alcoholic family or even think about the the addictive family.
Richelle Direny: Every time I come and rescue you out of your situation. What have you learned
Oh,
Alyse: Yeah, you know,
Richelle Direny: They're just gonna come get me. Yep.
Yep.
Richelle Direny: And then the minute I decide that. No, I'm not going to come get you. Then you start screaming and yelling and calling in saying all
Richelle Direny: The nasty things there is
Alyse: That's how it used to be with my mom and dad.
Alyse: That was getting high. As soon as I can get. What I wanted to the end of the world.
Alyse: The end of the road.
Richelle Direny: So,
Alyse: That's what it is with him.
Alyse: And so he can't get what you want to kick you couldn't get. He said, I came to like a man and told you about this. I could have dealt with this behind your back.
Alyse: He walked analyses that I gotta tell you something. And I'm saying now he goes tenuous pregnant. That's, that's all he says it to me.
Alyse: Like like no emotion. No, no care no hurt, no nothing for me.
Alyse: For me,
Alyse: This ain't about you, you knew what you were doing you knew the chances of what can happen when you suck your dick enter sorry people
Alyse: But you knew that I had no idea. None. So my her is as raw as it will ever be. I had no clue. Everybody else knew what I was stupid enough to think that know this shouldn't happen. You know what I mean, I'm sure you probably knew do
Alyse: I rails did
Alyse: You see now.
Richelle Direny: Now this is the thing. Elise
Richelle Direny: What is it gonna take for you.
Richelle Direny: To say enough is enough.
Alyse: Is this truly like this has to be enough. I mean, I don't know, like if I really went back like I
Alyse: I don't even like
Alyse: I don't, I didn't want to leave like I i don't i
Alyse: Mean what
Alyse: The other discuss like that pain because like now it feels like everything I've ever thought in my mind. It's true.
Alyse: Like anything like I just I caught you know what I mean, like, come back. Go to your phone find you know your your son's beach as girlfriend would somehow taking a picture downtown while you guys are kicking in a hotel. The night I
Alyse: Cut my hand open when I hit the door and put my finger to the glass or my hand through the glass like you're in a hotel room kicking it
Alyse: We weren't together because that's what you said, but I'm at your house with your children taking care of them.
Alyse: You know what I mean, like, it's just so much like what
Alyse: If this isn't enough then, like, what, what would be enough, there could not ever be enough. So I'd sit around and be mentally and physically abused for my arm mentally and verbally abused for the rest of my life or mentally, emotionally
Alyse: Because I think I verbally and physically abused. Now I don't mean physically like that, like, you know,
Alyse: Hey guess what that is.
Alyse: And that's the way you gotta give it ethically and got to give it cuz I gotta take it the way I have to take a constantly
Alyse: Growing something every now and then.
So,
Richelle Direny: I think
Richelle Direny: This is what I think.
Richelle Direny: The longer you stay away.
Richelle Direny: He's gonna come crying like he does, he's gonna wind. He's going to call he's going to tax. He's going to seem, sorry. He's, he's going to all of them. Right.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, eventually you're going to if you decide to hold your own and stay away.
Richelle Direny: God forbid something happens.
Richelle Direny: To him because he's
Richelle Direny: This is what's gonna happen. You're gonna go
Alyse: Yeah, but then like that's what I said that I said to my mom like for what I it would never be okay. Like that's not healthy, that it would never be healthy again and I
Richelle Direny: Guess what you're saying. You're saying things get better.
Richelle Direny: When are you going to recognize that it's not healthy for you.
Alyse: For a moment, let's remove the kids to make
Alyse: I think I recognize that now.
Richelle Direny: Why, because what you just said if she has the abortion because the reality is we don't know if the baby belongs to him. But if she has the abortion. Are you going to see say, okay, well, now he he really because of the fact that she has the abortion.
Alyse: Or maybe he and tell you that she had the abortion but you're never going to see her again.
Alyse: Yeah, but like I said to my mom earlier like I'm
Alyse: Like it even if I went back like what, just to leave again because that would that's what what happened like I will carrying this around with me.
Alyse: Like this is like a, like I said, like, this isn't like one of those things I can sweep under the rug and we don't deal with this is a not ever going to
Alyse: Be that way this every day. I opened my eyes. I will look at you and tell you, you are a nasty FUCKING PIG
Alyse: So we can never be together again we can get as much as I'd like to think oh yeah that's that whatever like I know like, there will not
Alyse: They there there there couldn't be because I'm like, I like how could I ever let you touch me again like this is the thing.
Alyse: What happened to
Alyse: You okay
Richelle Direny: This is the thing.
Richelle Direny: You the whether you stay or whether you go, there's always wants to be that in your mind, not so much of the child. But if the devotee.
Alyse: Yeah yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: Yeah, yeah. Always going to be whether she gets rid of the child or not.
Richelle Direny: It's always going to be about the infidelity. Yeah.
Alyse: Because it's everything that I've ever thought and everything you've always denied you literally like just put in front of my face on this shiny silver platter.
Richelle Direny: The problem is
Richelle Direny: Outside of the infidelity. What you're fighting against is for alcoholism.
Richelle Direny: And his refusal to come to terms with the reasons he's drinking and how he self medicating he's hurt and pain.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, that's what you're always going to find again until he comes to that because change will never ever come until he comes to that place to admit to himself that something has to change. I can't live my life like this. So, whether it is he decides to um
Richelle Direny: She, she makes her get rid of the child and now you have
Richelle Direny: You okay, now that's behind you. Something else is gonna come up because of the fact that you're still active in your own addiction in his case, the alcoholism.
Richelle Direny: He refuses
Alyse: Oh, the baby sitting in front of this
Alyse: I'm sorry, I'm listening to you. Don't worry, but
Alyse: Yeah, she's sitting in front of us for a little thing yet.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Alyse: I thought she was talking about. I was trying to get my mom to get her to look at it or get my mom to look at her because she was adorable.
Alyse: Sorry.
Alyse: scatterbrained
Alyse: In frozen Oh damn. I look rough today. Are you there.
Richelle Direny: I'm here. Hold on, let me
Richelle Direny: Switch my, I have to switch my because the weather, where I am is really bad.
Richelle Direny: So yeah, I'm
Alyse: All you guys coming up on the hurricane season.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, but
Alyse: No.
Alyse: Is it windy. There's something or stormy
Alyse: Know my comfort.
Richelle Direny: Zone. You might lose me. Hold on.
Okay.
Alyse: Over
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it's been it's nice. Now, but all week. And so I think because of it. It's affecting the internet service.
Richelle Direny: So the carrier, they keep on saying that they're having an outage, but um what I was saying to you is that
Richelle Direny: You're always going to be fighting with the fact that
Richelle Direny: He refuses to come to terms with why he self medicating what he's hurting from
Richelle Direny: We talked about the loss is loss of his mother, you know, even what is, what was that relationship with his mother was around dad not being there just so many other things. So you're always going to be fighting with that.
Richelle Direny: That's always going to be an issue. Even if you decide to forgive him for the fact that
Richelle Direny: He cheated on you, you finally came to admit it, and that you know this this child does belong to him, even if you forgive that there's there's going to be something else, simply because he's still active in his addiction, though he refuses to admit it.
Alyse: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You're always going to be fighting with that. So that's kind of one so we peel it back by like the banana and we get to the core of it.
Richelle Direny: So, you know, okay, so like the core. Here it is. The banana has the shutter that you use, you have to peel the banana right and you eat down the banana and on the bottom of it. And there's that little black thing that you don't eat.
Alyse: The but
Alyse: That's what you call it the but
Richelle Direny: The book now you got to get to that. But in order to get to that. But you got to go to all of this. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You will never be able to get to that simply because he refuses to admit to his what the because the book.
Richelle Direny: Is where
Richelle Direny: Everything is
Richelle Direny: What is where everything is.
Richelle Direny: Until he decides that I want to get to that route. I need to go through the process. You're always going to fight with her, you're
Alyse: Always gonna fight.
Richelle Direny: But you
Richelle Direny: Until he he need to figure it out on his own, just like you to come to that place.
Alyse: Like a direct result of his alcoholism is now going to have a baby.
Richelle Direny: Why you think not gonna have a baby. He is it
Richelle Direny: He is slowly district. You are watching him slowly destroy his life. He doesn't see it that he's destroying his life.
Alyse: Oh no no not at all like, you know, everything's just peachy keen to him.
Richelle Direny: Go like this, Elise move over to this side to the controller.
Alyse: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: All I'm seeing is like this big ball a son sitting on your face.
Alyse: Um,
Alyse: Yeah, like us.
Alyse: Oh,
Alyse: Whenever
Richelle Direny: The hurt for you. It's not just about
Richelle Direny: Told you that he's been cheating.
Alyse: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: But a part of you have always convinced yourself to continue in this relationship. So you've always known you just wanted to hear the evidence of it. You just wanted to confirm you just wanted it to come out of his mouth to admit it, but you've always known
Alyse: Well, yeah, yeah. Like that's not
Richelle Direny: Okay, so
Richelle Direny: Okay, she's pregnant. Alright, well thanks for letting me know, because I already knew even though he was lying to me. I already knew what I know. It just hit you like a ton of bricks, because now this is the evidence of it.
Alyse: Yeah, I'm like the evidence couldn't just be like some bitch messaging me right. No, no.
Richelle Direny: Now you knew. So here it is.
Richelle Direny: It's a surprise, but that it's not because you knew this is all that was going on the behaviors and everything else you fought with a lot over the last year.
Richelle Direny: It's like, here it is, to me, the straw that broke the camel's back me personally is the mere fact that you did this to try to get these babies taken away from Endymion unfit mother.
Richelle Direny: That would have been the straw that broke the camel's back. Not that you got some key person pregnant is that you try to take away the life that I'm trying to rebuild for myself, because remember,
Richelle Direny: You have one child that was given up for adoption, one that you just officially got back, and now you're trying to put me through this with these two little girls.
Richelle Direny: Like really yeah
Richelle Direny: That would have been the straw that broke the camel's back for me.
Richelle Direny: But you were able to to get through that you were upset but you got through it because you had such confidence that hey, this is just another thing, but I could get through it because
Alyse: To me that's like a joke like that's like top that's like something you know that's something I expect you know like
Alyse: I knew she doesn't have to be on my door. That's no that's just how hero plays, whatever.
Richelle Direny: That's how they
Richelle Direny: Play. So why is
Richelle Direny: Why is this so hurtful that he got someone pregnant.
Alyse: Something like, to me, it's like, like, that's my special thing like that was like you know what I mean, like, yeah, you have kids with somebody else, whatever, but who cares but like that's like
Alyse: Like, I thought I was the last one is gonna be able to share that. You know what I mean like you think I wanted to get pregnant to begin with. No, not at all.
Alyse: Really, I wanted to get pregnant with twins. Hell no.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Alyse: But I made it through all that and now you're going to give like
Richelle Direny: Because there was some part of you know
Alyse: What I mean like
Alyse: Like there's something in there. I don't know how to explain it. But you gave
Richelle Direny: In you that figured eventually he's going to come to his senses. He's gonna love me the way he
Alyse: Island. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and we're gonna make this work. So you were convincing yourself daily
Alyse: Yep, that's why I went back to us last time, because I'm like this can work this can work now. Now he understands. I feel Bobby can be daddy like using to take a bath and girls hanging out with a more and talk a little more and
Alyse: Want to know why you doing it because you knew, you're screwed somebody behind my back.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. You use you're saying the last time that we met.
Richelle Direny: You talked about the pattern of even though you did so much you do so much for the kids. You said, but this is the pattern every woman that comes in, does the same thing.
Richelle Direny: Well then, there was a part of you that thought, well, there's nothing unique about what I'm doing, because the next woman that comes in is going to do the same thing be there for the kids and all this different stuff.
Richelle Direny: But I think a part of you felt and new I'm a damn good mom. So then, therefore, he's definitely going to choose me out of the rest. So you saw how much self talk that you gave yourself to convince yourself to stay though you were being hurt.
Richelle Direny: After he found out about the Suboxone which, like you said, it's not like it's the end of the world, but he gave you the cold shoulder after having twins, not just one baby but having
Alyse: Ended up at your baby Momma's house. Hi, I hope.
Alyse: I mean, while my kids are while my daughter still in the hospital.
Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: And you were going back and forth.
Alyse: Saw them twice in the 16 days she was there.
Richelle Direny: So we could talk about all the different things in the experiences you've had in the last
Richelle Direny: Where is your what WHERE ARE YOU WANT TO SAY Elise
Alyse: Yeah, like
Richelle Direny: Your name again your own independence, you need to stand on your own two feet and you need to
Richelle Direny: Prove not only to yourself, but to your children that is in your life right now that you have to be independent. You cannot be so dependent on someone else that you know you will accept it no matter what the cost mentally or emotionally
Yeah.
Alyse: Yep. So this kind of where it has to be deployed. You know, like, I'll just go look a little bit more suffering before everything gets better. But like, it's just there. It's that it can have or be okay.
Alyse: I try to play it off in my head but me when I got here. Yeah, I have to be like reality LIKE LIKE THINGS WILL NEVER BE OKAY GUYS. They just won't they will not be ever, ever. You're stupid enough to sit there and I believe that this kid yours, like you ruin my life and my children's life.
Alyse: As a direct result of your alcoholism and your whatever
Alyse: I there's just like
Alyse: So,
Alyse: I mean, I might show. My heart hurts so bad, so bad.
Richelle Direny: For why do because it's it's
Richelle Direny: A, it's a lot to smile.
Richelle Direny: A lot to swallow.
Richelle Direny: How are the kids. How are the kids handling it.
Alyse: Um, oh, Mackenzie was pretty upset but like she said yesterday you knew, he's you know he's a cheater. So I don't know what to expect.
Richelle Direny: So she told you the truth. How did you hear that one, she said.
Alyse: I just looked at her. I really didn't have my mind was alone last place, although
Alyse: Genes only told me that she was driving a truck around and driving Harold around and this and that yesterday.
Alyse: So I said, Yes, kids lying to me about said, you know, I mean like this was full circle.
Alyse: Full Circle.
Alyse: So,
Alyse: I mean,
Richelle Direny: I was
Alyse: Trying something over his friend's house last night he is. I mean like you told my mom and dad is like that one was a bad one, baby. He knows what's going on and I leverage that stupid he younger he feels bad for me like he understands
Richelle Direny: It's gonna be up there. I honestly think Elise, at some point, you need to get in counseling.
Alyse: Yeah. Yeah, I know, I know it'd be easier to do now right down the street. Most inspired fine.
Alyse: So that'll be our next step here because
Richelle Direny: So when you
Richelle Direny: When you called me. It was right after he told you
Alyse: Yes, I'm going like that I learned the same as I need to power shell.
Alyse: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I think it was in the middle of a session on Europe. Yeah, or middle of her
Alyse: Here she's getting up in the air.
Alyse: Yeah, so I just was like, I need her, like, that's all I can think about looks like one track mind. The ones I use Rochelle to
Richelle Direny: You see, you see how you have such
Richelle Direny: resounding resilience. It's ridiculous. Elise and I don't even think you understand it because for you. It's like one thing after the other after the other after the other after the other.
Richelle Direny: And you still find a way to stay on top cannot think
Alyse: I don't know how I don't know.
Richelle Direny: I have no means that you
Want
Alyse: To go go buy a bag of dope and get high. Like what is that going to do for me.
Alyse: What is that really going to do you know what I mean, like,
Alyse: You're all think
Alyse: This process out your hero goes and gets another woman pregnant. I go buy a bag and stick a needle my ring of stones and I die in the process. And then, what, what am I, kids get out of this.
Alyse: They lose a mother and a father or they lose a mother and get to go be with a father and a piece of trash.
Alyse: No, I'm okay with that one. Like my kids would never be with somebody like you know what I mean, like,
Alyse: I just
Alyse: I'm okay. I'm okay in
Alyse: That department me. I can't say that I don't want to go with a bottle of tequila and just, you know, get messed up for a night. But that's not gonna do anything for me either probably leave me in jail.
Alyse: I'm getting a bottle.
Alyse: So you know what I mean like I can think I can think that process out pretty clearly these days because
Alyse: Where's the don't get my. Oh, no.
Alyse: Oh, I got no sorry sorry sorry you're trying to get a bottle for being
Alyse: There for a minute know so it's like there's no point in me going to get
Alyse: And I'm sure I'm not gonna go get high. So it's just like, I'll sit here and do with my pain. The normal way like normal people. Do you know what I mean. And actually feel it and try to understand it.
Alyse: And then maybe tomorrow I'll wake up and have a better day
Alyse: When I do
Richelle Direny: You know what
Richelle Direny: He taught me a lot of that.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. But listen, you see if even if you later on. You think about it and you cry. It's okay.
Because it hurts.
Alyse: It hurts. Okay, so look at it this way. Name is
Richelle Direny: Not hard for a long time. It's gonna hurt for a long time. Look at it this way. Okay, so here's a little bit of transparency.
Richelle Direny: I'm a, I'm a product of a
Richelle Direny: I was conceived
Richelle Direny: Inside of a marriage.
Of infidelity.
Richelle Direny: So how it sounds. You
Write
Alyse: To your mom and dad remarried and you're
Richelle Direny: Willing to no
Richelle Direny: No, no, no, I'm conceived, just like
Alyse: Oh,
Alyse: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay, in America, till there was a married
Alyse: Woman in a white
Alyse: Harold was conceived the same way also. His mother was will say, we'll put it in his terms the side, bitch. That's what he says.
Richelle Direny: But this is others.
Richelle Direny: But this is it wasn't so my mother didn't know
Richelle Direny: Though he was married, she didn't know
Richelle Direny: But I was conceived
Richelle Direny: Yes, she didn't know when she found out, that's when it was just like oh my god
Richelle Direny: So then there was that conversation.
Richelle Direny: As well so
Richelle Direny: Why not, why don't you just get rid of me though. Well, that wasn't a cut out that that wasn't a thought back then. And so if I if his wife had said. And so there are
Richelle Direny: Four children that was conceived outside of this marriage.
For
Alyse: And I'm not laughing at you I'm laughing at my mom because you know
Richelle Direny: Now think about it, Elise
Richelle Direny: All of us, all of us.
Richelle Direny: Are super close
Richelle Direny: All of us are super close, even though all for the for their for outside children of this marriage.
Richelle Direny: All of us are super close as children as siblings.
Richelle Direny: I don't think at that time there was ever that conversation back then. Oh, why don't you do this and he does it was but regardless of what it is. Let me tell you something, Elise
Richelle Direny: I love that woman.
Richelle Direny: The wife, they're not together. They're not together anymore. And I think the biggest mistake my father ever made is when he left to this day. And it's been well over
Richelle Direny: 40 years since they've not been together. The biggest mistake you ever made. Because there's that part of his heart that goes back. There's that part of his heart that belongs to that wife.
Richelle Direny: Biggest mistake. Now granted, this was a no alcohol or anything like that was just
Richelle Direny: Me and being a man but
Richelle Direny: We all know her value know her worth and respect her to the nth degree.
Richelle Direny: And to this day, I can go and I can stay with her, my children and I and she embraces us as if she was the one that gave birth to us. That's the type of woman. She is
Alyse: And don't you think might
Richelle Direny: Get there one day but sure to help, let me know and I'm sure
Richelle Direny: But, but guess what, Elise
Richelle Direny: I'm sure, just like you when she found out
Richelle Direny: How hard that was for her to swallow that pill.
Richelle Direny: I'm sure it was hard for her to swallow that pill. So even when we're no longer in existence.
Richelle Direny: The mere fact is the core of the situation was the infidelity, and the
Richelle Direny: Destruction.
Richelle Direny: That is something that they have to deal with. They will have to. Yes, here it is that I'm the evidence of this infidelity.
Richelle Direny: But at the end of the day, they don't got nothing to do with me. I asked the code that was his life that brought me about, but
Richelle Direny: Think about that pill that you are swallowing that so many other women are swallowing.
Richelle Direny: And how hard it was
Richelle Direny: To even think about swallowing that pill. So in the end,
Richelle Direny: The child is the one that's innocent in all of it.
Richelle Direny: The child is the one that's completely innocent and all of it. It's all comes down to, because now this woman is completely aware that this man is in a relationship, and she continues to engage in this
Richelle Direny: So, it speaks volumes about her and god knows what her story is maybe she doesn't know any better. Who knows who knows what her story is
Richelle Direny: But at the
Richelle Direny: End of the day your concern is not about her your concern is not about whether she's a trifling A B C D E F G that's not your concern because she wouldn't be in it for you to have an opinion of her if he didn't invite her
Alyse: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So you're only person that you have an issue with is not what this woman and this unborn child, it is with him.
Richelle Direny: You're not upset so much that the fact that she's pregnant, you're upset. Why would he do this to me.
Richelle Direny: In all that we've been through. Why would he do this to me.
Richelle Direny: That's where the that's where the core of your heart comes in everything that we've been through in everything that he's putting me through in everything that I deal with in everything that I do to help in state of flow.
Richelle Direny: I see him at his worse.
Richelle Direny: I know his qualities I know his abilities and why would he she'll do this to me and I'm still standing by his side, regardless of what it is that's the heart.
Richelle Direny: That's the pain because that's when you sit down today and every other day asked for this. And you think that's what you're going to be thinking about
Richelle Direny: You're going to be thinking about all of that with a caveat of this chick is pregnant.
Alyse: You. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You're not just
Alyse: Like why
Alyse: Like, like I said, I think that's as far off. Like, that's what I think about kind of feels like how kids like how could you do this to me.
Richelle Direny: How you do this to me.
Like how
Richelle Direny: So now you find out that the baby don't belong to him.
Richelle Direny: And he's like, Oh, thank God. That's a, that's a, that's a, that's a thing off like okay thank God that maybe don't belong to me.
Richelle Direny: But I'm still hurt so okay you're safe. The baby don't belong to you, that doesn't change what you did to me.
Richelle Direny: That doesn't change the anxiety because now I gotta go. Have them probe me to find out if I have an STD, and that anxiety I sat with for them waiting for them to give me this results.
Richelle Direny: I don't know if I got a phone or if I got chlamydia. I don't know if I got this or no forgot that simply because of your recklessness.
Richelle Direny: It's all about. And if you go and you find out you have this sickness. Now, and it was because he gave it to you.
Richelle Direny: It's like, how much more will you have to deal with before you say Elise, you have to learn how to stand on your own two feet.
Alyse: slowly start learning
Alyse: Okay, with
Alyse: Some other slowly start learning moment capable
Richelle Direny: And I want you and I and I'm happy that
Alyse: You do.
Richelle Direny: Unfortunately, even though I wasn't available at the time. I'm happy that you thought for call me because what I don't
Richelle Direny: I would really hate to hear
Richelle Direny: Is that God forbid you go down to urgent care and they say you came back positive for something
Richelle Direny: And then now.
Richelle Direny: You become blind.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I can hear reaction.
Alyse: Yeah, yeah. Right. I know.
Alyse: Yeah, I had to make sure I got in real quick and then all of a sudden I thought message this morning that we had an appointment and like to be really or she's she just making this up.
Alyse: And even
Richelle Direny: Making it up, you still needed the appointment.
Alyse: Yes, I'm like, I guess I'll log into this one today.
Alyse: Yeah.
Alyse: Yeah, but, um,
Alyse: Like it can get done saying yesterday. It is what it is. And like now. That's just how it feels like it is what it is.
Richelle Direny: I'm gonna be like that right now. It doesn't mean that you're going to feel like that later on today.
Alyse: Yeah, cuz I'm probably going to be hurt again later. I've
Richelle Direny: Been wondering why you're going to be every time you're faced with adversities with the kids in
Richelle Direny: The limited
Richelle Direny: In not having a lot of income or
Alyse: Are you
Richelle Direny: Charles that year when the heart when the, when the hardship really truly starts, you're going to remember it, and you're going to be hurt on again. And you go, you go.
Richelle Direny: You can cut them up.
Richelle Direny: You can call him everything you're going to hit the very ground he walks on every time you're faced with all the difficulties.
Alyse: Yeah, I thought, always happens to
Alyse: Every
Richelle Direny: Emotion, you have to go through it, though, that
Alyse: Stronger. Yeah. And that's where I always work out that that's where I always end up
Alyse: You know what I mean, like, Okay, I'm done. Like, I'll go back to what are you doing
Alyse: No, no more milk. They don't need any more help. Just let them have the bottle. Can you get your little sticky hands off of it.
Alyse: Sure nephew. Yeah, yeah.
Richelle Direny: What's his name Josiah
Alyse: Yeah, just I say hi.
Alyse: Oh, he's a low. He has a cold.
Alyse: My I have a cold to this isn't like just crying babies have had stuffy noses and coughs so
Alyse: It's all been we've all been sick.
Alyse: One way or another.
Alyse: And then deal with all this rubbish in my mind.
Alyse: I want you to to really just just
Richelle Direny: Implement as much as you can from self care throughout the weekend and maybe for the weekend, not having a conversation with him. No phone calls, no tax for the weekend and next week.
Richelle Direny: Call your caseworker and having that conversation about getting some assistance with housing.
Alyse: Yeah.
Alyse: I definitely well I'm about to gather here right now like a descending fill out for
Alyse: Food stamps or
Alyse: Something I mean, somebody has to understand something out here, buying, selling never got a stimulus check. I still haven't got my taxes.
Richelle Direny: I know they said there's a lot of people can
Alyse: Still yeah because this deal well 2020 years the first year equality years
Alyse: Back.
Alyse: A couple. Well, the day I went into detox in 2017
Alyse: They called me for the IRS and told me that they've sold my put my identifications on the job. I worked at so I had to eat file and I have like IP or I, you know, like
I didn't know
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Alyse: Well, they never send it to me or whatever and November, December when they shut up and of course and falling Krona shed the IRS has been closed teeny tiny call them. You just get
Alyse: Like recordings and recordings because their management things that open the lady I spoke to yesterday can give me that information. She shouldn't even been doing what she was doing but she can hear the despair in my voice.
Alyse: So it's just like
Richelle Direny: You know someone told me yesterday, but this person is in another state. But then, but he said to me, he said you know if anybody's having this issue. You should tell them
Richelle Direny: You could call apparently could call your senator of your state because he said that's what you get and everything came through like almost the video.
Alyse: Really no I'm gonna call him. He loves me. I tried to do the right thing and file my taxes this year. I don't have this this this number that I was supposed to need can contact anybody I'm stuck here with like out money and no place for me and my children live just lost my job.
Richelle Direny: Like your senator or that's
Alyse: Right thing for myself and
Alyse: Yeah.
Alyse: What do they
Alyse: Care. Remember
Alyse: Okay, I'll
Richelle Direny: Just look look look it up and see. Yeah, call the senator and see, because that's what I mean. He wasn't like I said he's in another say he did say he said
Richelle Direny: What he did when because I think for him. It was like unemployment.
Richelle Direny: And he kept getting the same run around and he called us senator and he said someone who's, like I said, what was it a long way he sucks. Surprisingly, everything went through really quickly.
Richelle Direny: So, but he said that's what he did. He said he had heard it a long time ago. But if you call your senator
Richelle Direny: Or congressman or whomever and just go from that avenue and just let them know you know you hadn't. This is the situation with your taxes in your stimulus and all this different stuff. And, you know, see where you can get through.
Alyse: With that maybe something will start
Richelle Direny: Coming through really quickly. I might that's
Alyse: Sounds like a good idea.
Alyse: At least, I mean, you guys want to do my taxes just kill you have some stimulus money please help a lot right now. I'll tell you that much.
Richelle Direny: Yes. Yeah, so call your senator $50 to my name, it really wants to my mother.
Alyse: Link. This is about to be getting real interest and if i told me like my my wedding ring back and I said no. I said, Sorry, I should I gotta get rid of. So me and my children can survive like
Richelle Direny: He asked me if I have the choice.
Alyse: To go. So yeah, that's the only thing you ever cares about
Richelle Direny: Is the range. Oh, the ink. The imagery ever
Alyse: Cares about. Yeah.
Alyse: No, some other bits about doing some other business finger, but her chin as boyfriend buys apart from a pawn shop.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: So every time that you leave, he asked for it.
Alyse: Yeah. He always wants it back.
Sorry.
Alyse: Always wants it back. Always, always
Alyse: I mean, he's like, and I used to get pissed off and given to him because he'd say that, you know, certain shifts to me and to give me so mad that I throw it at them, right.
Alyse: And I'm like, then I realized how bad he wanted it. And I was like, why would I give you something that you want so badly. When I can get have a damn thing i want badly. You know, I mean, so, no. You deserve never come off my finger again.
Never
Alyse: Like
Alyse: Are you kidding me, that's all your care about your ring seriously.
Richelle Direny: This is what I would recommend, like I said, this weekend. Just practice yourself care, just take care of yourself, take your kids stay focus on them.
Richelle Direny: And next week Tuesday because Monday is a holiday.
Richelle Direny: Call your
Richelle Direny: Your caseworker if you still have the case, we still have the case with the right
Alyse: Well, like Napa job and Family Services case worker because my cases close, but I still have to help me grow worker.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and see if if if she's not gonna be able to help you, just to be able to you know get another case worker or to get a caseworker she can refer you, who that you could go to just to have that assistance.
Richelle Direny: With
Richelle Direny: Applying for some kind of housing or just kind of to help you get started. Like I spoke to someone yesterday who lives on high above where she lives in Ohio, she was telling me that she got approved for low income housing and she's only paying $107 a month.
Richelle Direny: So if you if you can find um you know if they can help you get on it, whether it's a waitlist whatever it is they are especially in light of everything that's going on.
Richelle Direny: Um, you know, I'm sure there is some type of assistance that could get accelerated because just being in a relationship like this.
Richelle Direny: It's not, it's not healthy for you. And even if you decide to become civil with him in just being a corporate relationship. Do it living in two separate home because now you're doing it on your
Alyse: Terms.
Not on. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and I think that's what that's what ultimately needs to happen doing it on your terms not
Richelle Direny: On his terms, where you're under his roof and you're having to
Richelle Direny: Completely depend on him.
Alyse: Yeah I know, that's when my mom even side. She was like, you know, now it's time. He always wants to play out all these rules for you. Now it's your turn now. We used to play by your rules.
Alyse: Are you still there.
Richelle Direny: I'm here.
Alyse: So, I mean, she's right in that aspect because he always hold the upper again.
Alyse: Tell me, I made the decision to leave you gave me no other choice but to leave you could have did this behind my back. Like that's right there should have been all the answer I needed to realize what kind of person. I'm really, really do what
Alyse: I could do this behind your back.
Alyse: Now God here. I got a site.
Alyse: You know, so
Alyse: Sorry, we're getting sleepy. Sleepy time here.
Alyse: Oh,
Richelle Direny: Alright, let me try.
Richelle Direny: To schedule your phone.
Alyse: Yeah I know she don't smile.
Richelle Direny: Let's meet on the fifth at
Richelle Direny: Nine. Okay.
Alyse: The fifth at nine.
Alyse: That was good to me.
Richelle Direny: Just let me know. We need to make it earlier, for any reason, car, but as I said your, your feelings, your pain you're hurt all of it is very legit.
Richelle Direny: And, you know, but, you know, for the time being. It's also not allowing him to get to your head. Don't engage in because this is so new. This is so raw your emotions are all right now.
Richelle Direny: I'm just if you as much as you can not engaging in any of conversation or interaction that is that you don't necessarily have to engage in
Richelle Direny: Because all that's going to do
Richelle Direny: Is just going to make you eventually just become irrational.
Richelle Direny: And not magical because you're just acting out of the hurt and pain that this is all causing
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: So this is, it's just, just right now your world is your kids and you have to just kind of keep them as your, your focal point and you know you have your mom, you have your, you know, you have
Richelle Direny: Your family alarms right now and I think
Richelle Direny: That's what's important and not allowing Harold
Richelle Direny: You can't. You can't enable him anymore.
Alyse: Yeah.
Alyse: Okay, I know.
Richelle Direny: All right, heavy so stay strong. Talk to you. Okay.
Alyse: Thank you.
Richelle Direny: Ira. Have a good weekend.
Richelle Direny: You too. Bye bye.
Richelle Direny: Right.